rule-based AD customer success story (#3571)
opensearch-project/project-website: _community_members/kentonparton.md

---
short_name: kentonparton
name: Kenton Parton
photo: '/assets/media/community/members/kentonparton.png'
title: 'OpenSearch Community Member: Kenton Parton'
primary_title: Kenton Parton
breadcrumbs:
  icon: community
  items:
    - title: Community
      url: /community/index.html
    - title: Members
      url: /community/members/index.html
    - title: 'Kenton Parton&apos;s Profile'
      url: '/community/members/kentonparton.html'
github: KentonParton
job_title_and_company: 'Sr. Software Engineer at EBSCO'
personas:
  - author
permalink: '/community/members/kentonparton.html'
redirect_from: '/authors/kentonparton/'
---

> Kenton Parton is a Technical Lead at EBSCO Information Services, where he oversees transaction logging and other business intelligence processes with his awesome team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kenton Parton is a Senior Software Engineer II at EBSCO Information Services, where he oversees transaction logging and other business intelligence processes with his awesome team.
```
